come on in
you probably recognize Chris big air
brands for last year's winter x-games he
took home the gold medal for snowmobile
freestyle
now this Slednecks superstar is giving
fans enthusiasts the chance to go for
the ride of their lives this week it's
our turn
chris is treating us to the full grant
backcountry adventure experience along
with some familiar faces from the speed
works crew this is the backcountry Lodge
this is we kind of set it up so everyone
can be together you know hotel
no no group separation this is all
together and hanging out and having a
good time just you know just kind of
cool homey place to when we're not
ripping up the path there's a cool place
to hang out yeah we should the rest of
the place obviously I thought you said
to jump yeah Pippi riders stay at a
4-bedroom house right in the heart of
the Rocky Mountains where they're given
breakfast lunch dinner and of course an
endless supply of Monster energy drinks
we got four bedrooms in them in the
lodge sleep six and that's we kind of
wanted to keep the group a little
smaller so it's not a junk show up on
the hill so six people that's the
maximum and that's so nice Chris because
then everyone feels like they get
individual attention yeah and that's you
know we just want to try to make
everything as personable as possible
yeah you know not only just hanging out
at the lodge but also up on the hill
where we can all get one-on-one time and
a half Thunder this is probably my one
of my favorite parts about the whole
tour is at the food the food is
absolutely amazing I'm gonna be either
200 pounds and I hate override or I
should just need to keep riding said
well we'll see you next games won't we
that's right you know we always have
good snow here in Colorado so good snow
equals getting stuck a lot and so for
the people who get stuck a lot we got a
jacuzzi tub and you know cool hangout
pad here so this house stuff is all fine
and dandy but great fantastic yep yeah
let's go check out the shop that's
look at this yeah we have just a whole
range of snowmobiles here we have all
the way from a stock snowmobile to a 300
horsepower turbocharged M 1000 all for
these clients to ride but we just got so
much help from a lot of different
companies this year to make these
snowmobiles different you're not just
renting a stock snowmobile because I
don't really like try to stock so
I wouldn't expect my clients to either
that's crazy so these have like all
these bells and whistles for people who
want to try something different yeah we
even have one with nitrous on it too so
yeah and dr. hooked us up with a bunch
of a bunch of cool stuff for the tour
sleds and it's it's gonna be a fun ride
so what is the fastest one in here
the fastest one is that m8 with a boon
dr. turbo and that snowmobile it scares
me yeah we're at 11,000 feet and I mean
just the snow is crisper the mountains
are big we have 320 days of sunshine
every year it's just ridiculous alright
so people want to bring their own
snowmobile Kenny oh yeah of course
you know we try to not discourage people
bring in our own sled but I really get
tired at digging ski-doos out all day so
if they want to write a real sled you
know I have M's available at any time
all right so how do people sign up oh
it's really simple actually you just go
to Marantz backcountry adventure calm I
think it's like one of the longest
website addresses people that's yeah
Brants backcountry adventure calm you
can go on there click on the calendar
see what dates are available contact me
if you have any questions and book your
dates perfect easy enough
yep so why don't we go have some
breakfast and then let's go right let's
go awesome I get this one yeah
when you ride one it gets in your blood
and your heart pumps it through your
veins
and your veins carry it to your body
and your body becomes one with machine